In lesson one, we saw how the techniques
that were originally developed for
microphone, speech,
voice communication, for
a lot of multimedia content delivery,
how we were able to play with
the same tools and techniques.
And, every time you have a new sensor,
a new type of signal,
as I described, the trick is in
coming up with the a priori
knowledge of the source or
the sync or the signal itself
to take very good advantage.
And in this context of IOT,
as you have accelerometers or
other body own sensors coming up,
this need to go back and
leverage the techniques
becomes even more important,
and that's really what I
wanted to convey to you.
And in that context,
there is a new camera,
new type of sensor that we are working on.
It's called a devious camera or
a pixel camera and
I'll tell you about it in lesson one.
And we will look at
the assessment of risk for falls,
this is particularly
important in health care and
especially for seniors, and
in fact some of the listeners
commented on their
interest of looking at applications for
health care.
Thank you very much.
Keep it coming.
This is for those people who responded.
And we use this novel
camera to come up with
an objective balance test,
a functional balance test.
So this all what we will talk about
in this final lesson of this module.